[docs] maintenance (#15371)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/asset_modelling/locations/PRO__locations_overview.md

| Endpoint → URL one-way migration command | Shipped |
| Parser updates (URLs and dependencies) | Shipped for the major parsers |
| SBOM upload (CycloneDX, SPDX v2/v3) | Shipped via `/api/v2/sbom-import/` |
| Pro UI for Locations, URLs, Dependencies | Shipped |
| pURL search/filter | Shipped |
| License tracking on dependencies | Partial (`license_expression` field) |
| SWID Tag SBOM format | Not in MVP |

## Where to Go Next

> - **Enable the feature** — turn Locations on yourself from the [Feature Flags page](/admin/feature_flags/pro__feature_flags/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enable the feature** — contact [support@defectdojo.com](mailto:support@defectdojo.com) to turn Locations on for your instance.
```
